Upgrade to Sylius 1 8 (#80)
payplug/SyliusPayPlugPlugin: README.md

6. Copy migrations and templates
    ```shell
    cp -R vendor/payplug/sylius-payplug-plugin/src/Migrations/* src/Migrations
    bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
    mkdir -p templates/bundles/SyliusAdminBundle/
    cp -R vendor/payplug/sylius-payplug-plugin/src/Resources/views/SyliusAdminBundle/* templates/bundles/SyliusAdminBundle/
    ```

>     :grey_exclamation: Only for **Sylius 1.7**

Reviewer: You should place this before the code block over.

Running payplug migrations before copying Refund migrations will trigger an error

    ```shell
    cp -R vendor/sylius/refund-plugin/src/Migrations/* src/Migrations
    sed -i -- 's/Sylius\\RefundPlugin\\Migrations/DoctrineMigrations/g' src/Migrations/*
    ```

>     :grey_exclamation: Only for **Sylius 1.8** and more, update `config/packages/doctrine_migrations.yaml` by add

Reviewer: IMHO, the :grey_exclamation: is too inconspicuous. 

May I suggest the use of :warning:  ? 
```suggestion
    :warning: Only for **Sylius 1.8** and more, update `config/packages/doctrine_migrations.yaml` by adding following config
```

    ```yaml
    doctrine_migrations:
        migrations_paths:

>             'DoctrineMigrations': 'src/Migrations'

Reviewer: By default on a SyliusStandard, we have `App\Migrations` (https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius-Standard/blob/1.8/config/packages/doctrine_migrations.yaml#L5-L6) 

Maybe you should indicate that the user can leave previous migration_paths. 

:warning: The order is important, can you please check if `App\Migrations` should stay in first position or in last position by regenerating a new migration file ?

Author: I modified the contents of the file to make it more understandable.

Yes, the order is important, it must be: `App\Migrations` then `DoctrineMigrations`.
